water bases, accentious revenues fell by close to about 13%. Not that Bernstein is saying that we are going to have a similar GFC kind of a reaction and an economy, but they are saying that FI26 could be flatter or lower growth compared to what the street was earlier anticipating. They prefer enforcers in the large caps, co-forge in the mid cap. They are completely avoiding the or they are underweight auto ERNT names like LTTS and Tata Alexi. J.B. Morgan is saying when will IT bottom out? And again here this is the bare case scenario. Your growth on in the top line.
JB Morgan is saying when will IT bottom out? And again here, this is the bare case scenario, no growth in the top line and no margin expansion. To that, they've added the bare case PE multiples and they've arrived at a price for TCS, which is about now about 5% decline from the current market price. So, in fee about a 4% decline from the current market price, and an ACL deck about 12% from the current market price. So basically for TCS and enforcers, perhaps the bottom is now closer, maybe just about 4% to 5%. So, in fee about a 5% decline from the current market price,
So basically for TCS and enforcers, perhaps the bottom is now closer. Maybe just about 4% to 5% from current levels, though on midcaps, high growth companies with high valuation, like coforge and persistent, their bare case, the lowest target price for these companies could be 13% down for coforge, persistent about 25%. So that gives you perhaps the bottom to work with for IT. We're even looking forward to those IT conversations next week. Well, you'll be a part of it. Tell me. I don't agree.
I don't know what the next thing is. Well, you'll be a part of it. Tell me. I don't... I think we'll spend five minutes talking about the Jantumas results. And 25 minutes talking about... Uncertain advantage. See the... The visibility. The mastery that most IT management have with full respect to all of them is to be able to make everything look like business as usual. They're rarely shaken or stirred. So I want to see what the two of you come up with in your conversations this time with this environment. Should be interesting to us. I mean, these years...
What do you see? What the two of you come up with in your conversations this time with this environment should be interesting to us. And it's a I mean, TCS is on, it's on Thursday, which is a market holiday. The market is on, but the world can turn upside down, but emphasis TCS is always on, so. You didn't try to move the interview. I did. Okay, all right. Time for a quick segment, D-suite chatter. Nimesh is now joining in with what he's speaking up from people he's been speaking with. And generally the mood out there. Nimesh, take it away.
